Father
Your son has already reminded you that this piece must not live, right?
Hey, okay, okay, okay.
Not this box.
Go to my room quickly
Bring me my treasured meal
It's haha, old man
The old man is getting old
These eyes and ears don't work well, hahaha.
Hey, the old man didn't see anything either, right, right?
Ah!
The old generals were confused for a while just now.
So I'll take it down and teach it first.
No adults allowed hahaha
This teaching today
He is dying
The iron selection order predicted by His Majesty
How can you have
Yesterday, my son offered advice to His Majesty
His Majesty specially bestowed upon his son
He also specially asked his son to listen carefully
The father said that the son is the male bone of the Qing Dynasty
He doesn't hurt on a business trip.
I've long heard that this kid is a drug addict
Mainly hens
See you today
It really lives up to its reputation.
Okay, enough gossip
The old man called a few people here today to discuss the art of war
Da Chu and I are adjacent to Da Qin
7 Ambition is not small
Today, I will talk about it. If you send troops to Dachu
What will be achieved at the smallest cost?
Will be able to conquer Dachu
Overlord is vast and sparsely populated
City sharp
Another attack
Casualties are bound to be small
Since ancient times
This siege is the hardest bone to crack
Except for the onslaught
Can you still hum?
This project has been the deadliest
Who doesn't know this?
Ah, you're here to take off your pants and fart
The old man posted it.
I should have been connected to engineering equipment before I got there
Such as a catapult
You can surprise yourself by digging some tunnels and getting loud
This catapult is too big
And it's incredibly inaccurate.
The city wall of Dachu is tall and adobe
I'm afraid I won't play
Besides, is this tunnel far away?
Time consuming and laborious
Is it close?
Do you think the soldiers of Dachu are blind?
Hmph, we can attack then
Hmph, look at the history of storming
Casualties are often huge
If I continue to attack after this negotiation
Then I'll wait and sit here
What's the point?
Lao Tzu
I am waiting for the visit of the merchant
What are you doing?
Eat some Lingnan lychees
Violated the law